hi girls and guys welcome to a
special video to raise today
let's talk of lace and let's see
what are the proposals that I want you
do
and we are going to start with this first
proposal and that you choose clothes that
have the lace material in the area
of the shoulders as you see this I carry
and it goes to all the shoulders
lace and I think the truth is that
It gives a very seductive touch to it
time that elegant in this case you see
that mixed this lace top with a
leather miniskirt and one more bag
feminine to give a touch more lady
we go with the second of the looks in the
that I have opted for simplicity and
simplicity giving all the importance to
the way this dress has
you see a dress that marks well
Curves has that hourglass shape
and then on the neckline as you see it carries the
lace that I think is precious that remains
super subtle and very delicate in the part
back I also want to comment on this
another V-shaped neckline that has to
I think it makes the dress something very
special
I
we go with the third one not a little more
informal that I suggest you
use the lace simply to
let it glimpse is to say as in the
case I'm wearing and a sweater and in the part
below simply hinted at a
little bit of the lace this you can
use doing an overlay of
garments whether for example of jersey and
under a lace shirt or the other way around
example a skirt in almost under carry
some darker leggings is simply
letting glimpse the lace but it is not
following it in its entirety
and that we have arrived with these
small ideas on how you can include
the lace your looks I hope you
have liked and see you in the next
video until next time